Sofy Integration Further Reading Update (#2113)
DataDog/integrations-extras: sofy_sofy/README.md

## Further Reading
Additional helpful documentation, links, and articles:

> * [Monitor your mobile tests with Sofy’s offering in the Datadog Marketplace][6]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Monitor your mobile tests with Sofy's offering in the Datadog Marketplace][6]
```

* [Sofy Documentation][7]

[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/integrations
[2]: https://portal.sofy.ai
[3]: https://portal.sofy.ai/app/user-settings?selectedTab=integration
[4]: https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys?filter=Sofy
[5]: https://support.sofy.ai/support/tickets/new

> [6]: [https://sofy.ai/blog/](https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/sofy-mobile-tests/)

Reviewer: Just confirming that the way the link is formatted is intentional as I haven't seen a link formatted like this before.

Author: Oops! Thanks for flagging.

```suggestion
[6]: https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/sofy-mobile-tests/
```
